  Free Web Space | BlueHost Review  


 
by Alexandre S. Chlenski
 

 
·        A chronicle of imperceptible decay of the nation that is losing its future because of taking everything for granted;
·        A story about people hanging between brainwashing and ignorance;
·        A saga about how the nation’s dream has been dishonestly exploited by turning it into a gimmick.
High Springs, FL 2004

 
 
 
 
"We should not expect that the same level of understanding that caused the problem will be sufficient to solve the problem" -- Albert Einstein
 
“Whenever you hear a man saying he wants freedom, but in the next breath he is going to tell you what he won't do to get it, or what he doesn't believe in doing in order to get it, he doesn't believe in freedom”-- Malcolm X
 
“Democracy is a political system that makes things, deserved by a crowd of idiots, obligatory to the rest of the nation” – Alex Chlenski
 
 
1. Cover stories.
 
Hello.
Is there anybody in there?
Just nod if you can hear me.
Is there anyone home?
 
Come on, now.
I hear you’re feeling down.
Well I can ease your pain,
Get you on your feet again.
 
Pink Floyd
 
 
1.1. Cover story for a hill-billy.
 
My dear reader! I know you are certain that most people live in a very materialistic world and pay much more respect to tangible things that have a market value than just ideas. But have you ever thought that each material thing is propped up by the idea of that thing? Can you imagine a thing that has absolutely no idea behind itself? A thing without an idea means nothing! For example, a savage does not need a napkin, because he has no idea how to use it. With no idea about a thing you can’t value that thing. Actually, you can’t even notice it! People often say: “someone’s trash is someone else’s treasure”. Why? Because that someone else got the right idea about the thing that you have not noticed. Now you can see that, even though people eventually manipulate tangible things, their motivation is driven by insubstantial ideas, no matter how pragmatic the people are.
 
All people live in a world of ideas, but only few of them are fully aware of that fact. The world of ideas starts from the ground of tangible things; a bunch of other ideas is built on top of the basic layer, and only the sky is the limit to the entire pile. Most people try to stay away from the elusive world of ideas in favor of tangible things. As a result, they fail to acquire and possess good things as well as good ideas. Only few people understand that who possesses the right ideas, possesses everything else. All others waste their time, desperately trying to find their happiness, chasing one thing after another – and finally lose the world.
 
American mentality has been shaped by pure capitalism. That mentality makes an aspiration to possess things much higher than a desire to learn more about things. Historically and culturally, people don’t have a motivation to learn a lot about things they don’t own and can’t afford in the near future. Being very practical, they prefer to protect their confidence, encapsulating their mind within a small circle of things that are relatively affordable to them. Only few people consider good education one of those things. They usually come up with a well-known excuse that education is too expensive, and tuition loan is hard to repay. But what about self-education! Does library cost anything? What prevents people from reading textbooks systematically? Download and run free tutorials from the Internet? Take free tests? Yes, it’s free but it’s a pain in a butt.
 
Education is not an easy thing, and many people prefer not to bother about it, but rather relax and just have fun. Not all of those people, who voluntarily chose to remain uneducated, are stupid. Most of them are sooner lazy or disorganized than just dumb. Sometimes they try to get a hold of complicated things but without systematic knowledge they inevitably fail. Those people usually want to protect themselves from insecurity and frustration caused by the lack of education. They don’t want to be losers. They need to be assured that they still can understand things in their own way. That way was happily found by American mass culture and called comic-strip imagery. Even though the actual technology is totally different today, the main rule remain unchanged: complicated things have the only chance to be delivered to general public as being deliberately explained in a very simplistic way.
 
Popularization is an art of explaining the rocket science to an idiot so that he could enthusiastically explain it to some other idiot but never was able to make a rocket himself. A lot of great ideas are very popular but at the same time absolutely inaccessible to the populace in its essence. The best example is a nuclear bomb. Very few people know how to make it and how it works. Everyone else knows just the label, or in other words, the cover story. Needless to say that average Joe understands the principles of democracy as brilliantly as he understands the design of a nuclear bomb. All he knows is still a cover story.
 
I bet my old socks that very few Americans know what is written in the U.S. Constitution and the Declaration of Independence. But every American feels really proud of them anyway because of the cover story (which does not mean that people know the real story of the documents they are proud of). By the way, Americans are also proud of lots of other things they think they have in their country, never checking the availability of what they are so much proud of. Freedom would definitely be one of those things worth at least a little try. But no one really tries. Apparently, everyone is happy with just the cover story.
 
It looks like people are gradually losing their sense of reality. The more things they take for granted, the more they tend to disconnect themselves from the real world. A lot of people incline to believe that “real” and “easy” is the same word: only the spelling is different. They are not interested in acquiring knowledge that can’t be turned into an income right away, and narrow their mind to the size of a dollar bill. Like a pocket calculator killed their ability to count, like cars and trucks put an end to their ability to walk long miles, like shopping carts ended their ability to carry heavy things – the same way a comic-style cover story stopped people’s ability to think and comprehend the world!
 

 
 
1.2. Cover story for a PR agent.
 
Today cover story rules the world! You don’t need to possess an exceptional talent anymore in order to become famous. All you need is to mastermind a proper cover story for yourself. It does not necessarily have to be the truth, but it should be something that attracts people in an irresistible way. The history of mass culture proved that the most effective method to grab people’s interest is to appeal to their animal instincts. For example, a female singer may have no talent at all, yet she stands a pretty good chance to become popular if she’s got the right cover story. No doubt, it must be a dazzling story of her sexual life, topped up with a nice and juicy nude picture. All she needs to do is to look and act like a fashionable slut, which requires minimal training. She also needs to get married and then get divorced five or six times. That does not need training at all, only a little startup money and a good lawyer. A couple of scandals per year are also a must. The whole thing looks stupid and vulgar. However, the result might be just fantastic! It is more than likely that a huge crowd of fans would stampede into the concert hall to see a celebrity, whose sexual life annals have been written with a gilded pen into a huge, greasy register of national vanity. This register is known very well by the name of “Tab Lloyd” or, to be more rightful, “Taboo Lloyd”. Needless to say that it has nothing to do with the original – and very respectful – Lloyd’s register, because in the year of 1764 people did not register things that we now call “tabloid crap”.
 
If you are a man, don’t panic. You still have a pretty good chance to become popular. All you need to do is turn into a serial killer. People adore serial killers. They love to watch movies and read books about them. Don’t even bother about a cover story – just keep killing more and more innocent people. Later in a prison you’ll have more than enough time to write your cover story. If your fantasy sucks, professional journalists will do it for you. Use your time to find a good ghostwriter and sign a contract with the publisher before you got your lethal injection.
 
I can see you’re not very impressed. You don’t want to become a serial killer. Okay, man. Then I have even a better idea for you! Rather than become a serial killer, you may run for a president of the United States! The more stupid you are, the better are your chances! Today a presidential candidate may command English language as good as a Mexican immigrant, employed in janitorial business; he may not be capable to multiply seven by eleven without a calculator; neither distinguish between India and Indonesia, let alone him finding those countries on the map. He may also lie through his teeth in public; he may send young boys and girls overseas to die in a meaningless war… Well, but all that would not prevent his being elected (and even re-elected!), if the right cover story was carefully wrapped up and served to the American voters as a Halloween candy box. The guy who created the winning story knew exactly that the presidential election for the American people is just another sort of trick-or-treat fun. Americans got what they wanted: a lovely story about an honest and modest guy, just like you, who loves his family and his country, fights the bad guys, supports moral values and wears a cross on his neck.
 
 
1.3. Cover story for a Jesus freak.
 
Speaking of the cross… Tell me, what do all the Christians in the world admire about their religion? They admire the cover story – that is, the story of Jesus’ life and especially death. But, again, when it comes to the essence of his ideas, not one of those Christians groups or denominations can agree upon anything. What does the main symbol of Christianity tell us? Does this emblem reflect the real spirit of Christian ideas in any way? No, it only tells us that the legendary founder of Christianity conceived, developed and accomplished the best PR action ever seen. He happily managed to get into the right place at the right time. Yeah… yeah… the cross, the magic priceless tool, manufactured by the Romans, that made him a celebrity for two millenia. And all those people who wear that weird symbol of torture and glory on their necks, what do they believe in? What props up their lofty faith? No essential ideas again, just another cover story. All in all, ever since ever, we are still cover-story-minded people, seeking for easy miracles rather than hard comprehension. What do we get instead of the expected miracles? I think it’s some part of a bull, as it were. I’m sure you know which part of a bull I am talking about: the one he always leaves behind.
 
Have you already guessed, whose ideas suffer the most due to this people’s inherent “cover story” mindset? Yes, yes! You’re absolutely right. Of course it’s our greatest hero, our poor martyr – Jesus Christ, the founder and the first official victim of the new age; a genius, who taught people how to live in love and peace and who ended up on a cross for his exceptional public relation skills. Of course, no one learnt how to live in love and peace. However, everyone figured out an incredible power of PR.
 
Jesus Christ wanted his peaceful philosophy to prosper. In order to accomplish his goal, he took a high risk of showing people how strongly prosperity depends on publicity. I regret to say, but it is well known that true things in crooked hands act in a crooked way. That way, the formula “prosperity depends on publicity” directed people to a gruesome discovery: “successful sales depend on sales gimmicks”. We all live in the shade of Christianity, but the Christ’s birth only designated the beginning of a new era, while filthy PR shaped out the rest of our age. So it came – the era of brazen advertisers, who for money can make an excellent public image for any piece of shit; the era of gilded cover stories and grimy undercover activities; in one words, the era of Christianity. Jesus banned the merchants from the temple, but they came into every human heart, armed with the exceptional PR skills, conveniently shown by the founding father of Christianity. Poor, poor Jesus Christ!
 
Nonetheless, I did not say that American people are bad in any way. Edmund Spenser, had he live nowadays, would never call them “the rascal many”. In fact, many of them are good and very sweet. I love them because they are just simple folks. They are very streetwise about valuables and very naïve about values. Their left hand never knows what their right hand does, and vice versa. For example, Americans, more than many other nations, love to watch hot and juicy stuff on porn websites. They also love to have a little affair and cheat on their spouses sometimes. There’s nothing unusual, so far. When fun and loyalty are mutually exclusive, it is very difficult to choose… umm… fun, but a lot of people still choose it. After a painful divorce they realize that faithfulness is a much more important human trait than they ever thought before. At that time they make a great discovery: no matter what happened in their life, they still believe in God.
 
They swiftly realize that while they can afford to see a dentist only twice a year, they are still entitled to see the Lord weekly at a church, and it costs much less than seeing a dentist. So, they start to fill the emptiness in their life, going to church every Sunday in order to meet Lord on a regular basis. Even though they may not find God in their church, they keep going there to meet other people and talk some shit: mostly the local gossips. However, if you’d ask them why they go to church every Sunday, they would answer that they care a lot about their moral values and try to stick themselves closer to God and the congregation.
 
I wonder, why people go to church and talk about God they’ve never seen? Apparently, because it’s a tradition. Why do they care so much about moral values or, at least, pretend they do? Because it’s a part of the tradition. Do people enjoy traditions? Sometimes they do. Can a tradition become a nuisance? Yes, sometimes it can. So why do people keep painful traditions, instead of getting rid of them? Well, sometimes they do get rid of traditions. But not overnight, my friend. You have to wait.
 
Why following a tradition is usually considered a virtue? And after a tradition became obsolete, why keeping to follow it is considered as wickedness? What will people do if a tradition of caring about moral values becomes outdated some day? What will people do if their religion becomes a passé, too? Do you feel scared of such a prospect? Yes, me too. Then why people believe in God and care about moral values, as if they are driven by a tradition rather than something else? I can see you are ready to ask: what is that freaking “something else”? That’s for me to know and for you to find out.
 
Okay, okay! I have to confess. I don’t know yet myself, what is that “something else” and no one knows. I am a poor guy, I don’t know much. But, at least, I want to know, and I’m asking a lot of questions! Otherwise, I am just like you, my dear reader. Just like you, I like to watch some hot and juicy stuff on occasion. Just like you, I also hate other people’s lies and dishonesty. And of course, I care about moral values – just like you! That’s why I have to start my book with my own cover story. I would prefer not to, but you want it, you need it, it’s a tradition, and I have to comply with the rules and follow that tradition. “Nobless oblige”, pardon my French. My cover story will be very straight and exceptionally honest.
 

 
 
 
1.4. Cover story for a loser.
 
First of all, let me introduce myself. By the way, may I ask you, my friend, what is your favorite way of presenting yourself? Probably, it’s something like this:
 
-- Hi everybody, my name is Joe Blow and I am an addict.
 
Am I right? Oh, yeah, I am sure I am right, ‘cause you’re certainly have at least one of those little problems, you know… with drinking a little bit too much alcohol… or using some sort of drugs, for possession of which you’ll get arrested right away, unless you show the cops a prescription from your Colombian drug dealer… or you have problem with anger management… or you can’t control your compulsive sexual behavior… or your urination… or maybe, on the contrary, you tend to control everything, and everyone calls you a control freak…
 
What made you an addict? Of course, you would say, it’s just your life, and nothing else!
 
It is probably something simple and very common. Like not getting along with your spouse, or your teenage kids, or maybe your parents. And you went to see a family counselor couple of times but it did not work out. Or otherwise, you maybe decided to join a weight watchers group, so that people won’t get scared to share an elevator with you -- but after three weeks of a strict diet and two weeks of indulgence you gained eleven more pounds and continue gaining more. Or you’re possibly going to sue a tobacco company for your lung cancer, or a predatory credit card company for drowning you in debt, or a mouse traps manufacturer for their products killing mice without a warning. Or maybe you were brutally raped when you were young, and now you’re horny and lonely and want more, but you don’t look that cool, to get it again. Or your best friend committed suicide a month ago. Or maybe he’s alive but he meanly befriended you, and your heart is still bleeding… Or possibly your sister is desperately trying to get off Paxil and you are terrified by her withdrawal pain. Or perhaps your car was repossessed, your house was foreclosed, your identity was stolen, your company laid you off, your sexual life was ruined, your favorite team was banned from the league, your doctor diagnosed you genital herpes, your dog got lost and never came back, your driver’s license was suspended, and you just found a syringe in your daughter’s room. On top of that, you recently got through a messy divorce, and right after that your wealthy uncle passed away, mentioning everyone and grandmother in his damned will but you…
 

 
I know… life sucks… I know, my friend.
 
The Earth is turning
The toasts are burning
The kids are crying
The plants are dying
Everything is getting worse and worse!
 
I learnt this little poem at school when I was a boy. It is charming and very truthful.
 
On the other hand, it is also very possible that nothing really bad happened to you. Yet, one day you suddenly found yourself surrounded by a bunch of pet peeves. You started to think about it, and the more you were thinking the deeper you were realizing that the whole damned world is against you. Day after day – eventually you convinced yourself that everything in the world is crooked. Certainly, you think that every salesman wants to rip you off, every driver wants to cut you off, every dentist is a potential sadist, every person of a different skin color is a potential racist, and every person of the opposite sex is a potential rapist. The world is so cruel and mean and just ready to screw the pooch on you. You’re doomed… Mysteriously, you may still cherish a strong belief that you are entitled to be happy – but things do not work for you, and it drives you up the wall. Your head is overwhelmed with grudge, jealousy and dark suspicions. Ativen does not clear your mind, only making you drowsy. And that shitty twelve-step program does not help at all! I know that, too. I know everything, my friend. Your astrological sign is “WRONG WAY” – I know that as well.
 
Suppose that none of the above troubles makes your case. But I still know for sure that you’ve never had enough money, time and love in your possession, to have enough fun and feel yourself happy from tip to toe. Even if you happily avoided the major troubles, there’re still plenty of other reasons for you to screw up your own life and become an avid abuser, while thinking for yourself that you are just a victim of the circumstances. For some reason everyone thinks today that we chose the victim culture to get rid of the abuser culture, but it’s damned wrong. The abuser culture is still there. The only difference is that today every abuser pretends to be a victim in a most fashionable way, claiming a fat compensation from the society instead of the truly deserved punishment.
 
There is also a possibility that you are just unable to get as much fun out of your life, as you wish, without using some substance. But in that case you better stop reading and go see a shrink right away, because my book is not about substance abuse. My book is about American culture that gave birth to any type of abuse you can imagine. Here’s a brief list for you: Physical Abuse, Animal Abuse, Medical Abuse, Social Abuse, Industrial Abuse, Legal Abuse, Mental Abuse, Verbal Abuse, Environmental Abuse, Child Abuse, Employment Abuse, Substance Abuse, Abuse of Power, Emotional Abuse, Elderly Abuse, Spousal Abuse, Sexual Abuse, Psychological Abuse, School Violence.
 
This classification, presented by Quitabuse.org, is pretty eclectic and naïve, but it shows very good what’s going on in our society, whose members tend to abuse everything on their way. When caught with a smoking gun, they tend to blame the society, pretending to be its victims – and, to some degree, they really are, because they were shaped by society. They are merciless abusers and tragic victims at the same time. A dark oxymoron (or some other type of moron) – but it’s the truth. Obviously this victim culture ideology does not sit well with the concept of Free Will that our Lord bestowed upon us, people – but who freaking cares? The concept of free will works well for the clergies when it comes to explain people, why shit happens every second and God does not care at all; otherwise than in church, no one recollects this idea. However, Freud already stated that people use all known principles and ideas only for their own convenience – and thus only when it’s convenient. We’ll talk more about it a bit later.
 
As you know, there’s more than one way to skin a cat. Similarly, there are even more possible ways to get fucked up. How about you, my dear reader? You chose to read my book, and my stomach feeling tells me that you did it for a pretty good reason. Therefore, confess to me, my dear friend. Tell me, what’s wrong with your life? You know, I don’t imply that you are a complete mess. I can even admit that you are financially and socially okay. Yet I know for sure that you are still screwed up in some other department, because life is getting harder every day, and people are getting more and more vulnerable and less and less supportive.
 
Confess to me, my dear friend. Are you screwed up? Maybe you honestly think you’re not, but the rest of the world is. That’s right, you think that everything and everyone is screwed up but you. Matter of fact, if that’s what you believe, it means that you are screwed up even more, although you don’t admit to it. However, while you convince yourself that you’re “emotionally and financially okay”, let me finally introduce myself.
 
-- Hi, my name is Alex Chlenski, and I am an addict. My addiction is writing, because I am a writer.
 
 
1.5. Cover story for a smart reader (finally).
 
So, I am a writer, and here is my book, that you are reading now. It is my first American book written in American language. I wouldn’t risk calling it English, because British people talk some other language and they also call it “English”. Apparently, two different languages should not share the same name, but somehow they do. I still cannot understand what is British, what is English and what is freaking American. However, I don’t give a shit, because I am not a linguist. As I’ve just stated, I am a writer, that means that I don’t study languages, I just use words to deliver my thoughts to the public.
 
To top it out, I am neither American nor British. As a matter of fact, my mother is Ukranian and my father was Jewish, but Americans always call me Russian. At the first time I tried to protest. However, after I’ve read a Mark Twain’s story about a Presbiterian, whose father was St.Bernard and whose mother was Collie, I don’t protest anymore. I realize that this usual mistake is an ultimate component of American culture.
 
To cut a long story short, I am a Russian immigrant, living in the United States for seven years and mixing with American crowd. Due to my Russian origin and mentality, I have a very different view of American life. This kind of outlook gives me a unique opportunity to perceive and analyze many things that American-born folks could not even notice. Believe me, my dear reader, that a lot of very basic things, that you deem cannot be any different than what they are, those things are very different in where I came from.
 
When you are highly convinced that some things cannot be different then they are, you never think how to change them. Even if you are not content with what you have around, you are trying to put up with what you deal or make do with what you have. Even while you feel depressed and disappointed with your life, you still don’t put your intellect into the situation and analyze things that made you depressed. Instead, you are trying to escape the reality and get fucked up.
 
My Russian mentality that I smuggled into this country, hidden deeply in my head, is the most effective flu shot against the worst part of American reality. In this book I will try to make you think about many things that have escaped your attention since you remember yourself. I will teach you to analyze and criticize things which all your life you subliminally consider to be unchangeable, unapproachable or forbidden. I’ll free your mind, so that you can consciously choose things and change things rather than let things choose you and change you and finally turn you into an addict, an abuser and emotional cripple. That’s why you would want to read my book and that’s my cover story.
 
As you can see, my main goal is to deliver ideas, not play words. If you still think that my English is not good enough, and my book is not much fun to read, ask yourself a simple question. How many narratives have you written in Russian? None? Now you say you don’t know Russian at all. Okay, well. How many stories have you written in English? What? None, again?! Oh, I see. You don’t know how to write in English. Writing had never been your favorite subject at school. You’ve only learnt how to read in English. And you know what? It is just amazing, because otherwise I’d have to use a tape recorder to get a chance to deliver my story to you, and then you’d probably complained about my Russian accent... So, thank you, my dear reader, for not being an illiterate brainless narrow-minded confederate flag waving bigot, or a beer guzzling, tobacco chewing, butt scratching redneck, or just a staggering words-slurring drunk dickhead. Thank you for being a clean-cut, educated person. And thank you very much for your exceptional ability to read in English!
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
2. Americans must be crazy.
 
The lunatic is on the grass.
The lunatic is on the grass.
Remembering games and daisy chains and laughs
Got to keep the loonies on the path.
 
Pink Floyd
 
 
 
2.1. Russians are also crazy, in their own way.
 
Things work very differently in Russia and America. You cannot fully understand my impression of life in the United States unless you get a feel of the country I came from.
 
From the Russian point of view, life in America is very comfortable and happy, unless you are an unknowledgeable or irresponsible person (I think, if you’re both, you’re a bum). Life in America imposes a heavy burden of responsibility on an average person. You are responsible for your own health, education, transportation, safety and security, all kinds of insurances – practically, for everything. It looks like you’re going to be responsible for your survival after your retirement pretty soon, too! However, the good thing about the U.S. is that you can earn enough money to buy all necessary products that cover most of your needs. You can buy a nice home, a decent car, good furniture, pretty cloths, quality food, health auto and life insurance, etc. If you don’t rely on the police, you can even buy a rifle or a handgun to protect your precious life.
 
Life in America is like driving your own car. You are responsible for your vehicle, your itinerary, your gas, your driving skills, your passengers, etc. If your vehicle flipped over, or your car engine stalled in the middle of nowhere, no one is responsible for the incident but you. No one is going to rescue the vehicle of your personal life and make it drivable again – only you. That’s why you have to be very responsible and very prudent, living in America, and that’s how you pay for your comfort and luxury. One wrong movement – and you’re broke. Another wrong action – and you’re a bum, or pretty close to it! 
 
On the contrary, life in Russia is very basic and fairly shitty. However, there is one nice trade-off. Living in Russia, you can afford to be quite irresponsible. For example, you don’t need to buy a medical insurance, because state healthcare is free. You don’t need a car, because public transportation is everywhere. You also don’t need a home insurance, a credit card, a coupon book, a bank account, a lawyer, a tax advisor, a financial broker and a whole freaking bunch of other God damned shit you cannot live without in God blessed America. In Russia government takes care of everything. But it does not take good care. That’s why most of Russians hate their government.
 
Metaphorically I would describe Russian life as a ride in a public transportation vehicle. You are not responsible for the tires, or gas, or driving, or road hazard. All you have to do is to buy a ticket and endure an unpleasant ride in an old crappy bus. The driver is hostile, the seats are scarce, the air is stinky, the floor, everything around is dusty and grimy, and most passengers are drunk and mean. The last but not least: this disgusting ride is almost inevitable, because the middle class in Russia is very small.
 
It is blatant, that the only way to get rid of shitty governmental service and replace it with a better one is to take responsibility in your own hands. However, Russian people frantically avoid responsibility. They love the idea to be entitled for governmental care. They only want it to be cheaper and better at the same time. Of course, government can’t make people, who are not responsible even for themselves, become responsible for many others. The government itself is pretty irresponsible, to begin with.
 
I can’t draw a full picture of Russian life in just few words, but let me give you a hint. So, go ahead and imagine, just for a minute, that you are an ordinary Russian.
 
First of all, your neighborhood is a typical slum. You can’t afford your own house, and you have to live in a building that an American would call “a project”, with a bunch of stinky neighbors who you hate (and they always return the favor). You cannot afford most of the things that most Americans take for granted. For example, you never have enough privacy. You can afford only minimal cloths. Your shoes are cheap shit-kickers – they never shine. You wash your hands every five minutes because everything around is dirty, but you have only one toothbrush and you’ve never heard about flossing. Your furniture and appliances are cheap and crappy. You spend your long vacation on a tiny patch of stinky dirt, growing potatoes, to save some bloody money for your family budget. Most of your salary turns into feces, ending up in sewage. In other words, you have to work primarily for food. Sure enough, you can’t drive a car, because you’ve never had one. However, if you buy a decent Russian car (which is an obsolete model of FIAT) after saving money all your life, it will be more than likely stolen or vandalized the next day. That’s why most Russian people prefer to buy an old wreck. Once you got it, you have to fix the bastard daily, to be able to drive it once a week. It is tough job and you’ll never do it right, unless you’re drunk enough. I have to emphasize that drinking makes a lot of sense in Russia. It gives you a feeling of comfort, safety and freedom that you miss so much when you are sober. Generally, you can’t live in Russia unless you’re heavily drunk most of the time. Lots of Russian people are chronic alcoholics and need serious help.
 
On the other hand, healthcare in Russia is free. Yes, you can call an ambulance for free. It may arrive when you’re still alive, or it may come when you’ve already kicked the bucket and forgot how to breathe. The good thing: in either case you’ll never see a bill. You can even go to a governmental dental clinic and get your tooth filled, also for free. You have to be prepared to endure a very strong pain, because a governmental dentist will drill your teeth without expensive anesthesia. It is very likely that the filling will drop out in less than three months, because it is made out of the old and cheap material, which is obsolete in regular dentistry. When the cavity kills off the rest of your tooth, the governmental dentist will pull its roots out of your mouth, absolutely free! When you eventually lose all your teeth, the government will make you free dentures. If I had a farm, I’d bet it that those dentures would be of much better quality than in America. In old Soviet Russia you were entitled for free medical and dental care even if you were a bum.
 
In America, though, bums have neither teeth nor dentures. All they have is their freedom of speech, which is mostly freedom of curse. In other words, they have the right to talk you and me to death, bugging for money. Sometimes, I give them a dollar and you give a dollar, too. But how many people should give a dollar to a bum, so that he may get himself a pair of dentures? It must be a pretty big crowd! Just imagine how much money federal government spends to decorate presidential election? How much your state and your city spend on other decorations! Why don’t they go ahead and adorn homeless people as well, just a little bit? Isn’t a pair of cheap dentures a good piece of decoration? Think how brightly it will shine in the bum’s mouth when he smiles!
 
Time flies like a bunch of flies – and the old Soviet Russia I used to live in now exists only in my memory. Me and all my generation – we lost our epoch. Merciless time made us “social orphans”. We’re not even “gone with the wind”, we are “blown with the wind” because we lost our culture and everything we grew up with, in one blink of an eye.
 
No big blood had been spilt during the cold war. But you probably know what happened in my country at the end of that bloody rivalry between the two systems. One of those worlds died. Its ideology and infrastructure collapsed; social stability and security vanished; culture and science was ruined. Crime and corruption took over everywhere, and any hopes for a better life for the people of my age evaporated.
 
Needless to say how I wanted to break free from Russia and make it to the United States. It took me more than a year to prepare all necessary documents, and the whole year I was dreaming about my future life in a free country. I have to tell that Russian people very often call their own country “a theater of absurd”. It is a naked truth because, indeed, a lot of things in Russia are very inconsistent and highly illogical. I was absolutely sure that in the United States things would be much more straightforward and natural.
 
Later, after I visited France and Germany and finally moved to the U.S., the brutal reality proved me bloody wrong. Now I know, like no one else on the planet that there is always a place for nonsense in any country, and fucking idiots are abundant. The only difference over the world is their favorite locations. In some countries they prefer to reside in the government, in some other countries they occupy human rights, or environmental, or sexual minority, or women lib organizations. Additionally, they love to infest religious institutions, military camps, courtyards, art salons, fashionable clubs and private foundations… They just love to linger in any places related with publicity. The only location they always miss is the only proper place where they are supposed to be kept forever: the cuckoo house. You ask, why? Because this particular place has no exposure to the greater audience!
 
 
2.2. Using brain as a culture shock absorber.
 
Of course, I did realize at the time, that my naturalization in the USA wouldn’t be easy. For a forty-year old man an immigration path is completely different than for a child. A young kid absorbs new things directly, while a mature person always tries to perceive new things by comparing them to the already known stuff. And it’s a great difference. Matter of fact, that difference dragged me into a severe culture shock.
 
Finding myself in a completely new environment, I tried to put my logic into work, to understand a great deal of new things that bombarded my head every cotton-picking minute. To my dismay, very soon I realized that my logic is not much of help in my situation, because there are too many things in human life that are beyond any logic.
 
I will never forget my first adventure in downtown Dallas in 1998. At that time I just arrived to the USA, fresh from Russia. Of course, I got lost in the city of Dallas, finding my way to Lover’s Lane, where my company had rented an apartment for me. I stopped at a gas station and asked people around to help me with driving directions. A volunteer stepped forward, lifted up his big black hand, vigorously scratched the back of his neck and proclaimed:
 
-- First of all, turn around, you Russian guy! Now you are facing North, man. And remember, man. Whenever your nose points to North, West is always on your right hand, and East is on your left hand. You have to get the interstate highway seventy five and drive North and then turn West. That is, you gotta make a right turn, man. You have to go straight North all the way down and then turn right. Understand?
 
I politely interrupted my new guide:
 
-- I’m sorry sir, but I was taught in school that, when I face North, than West is on my left hand and East is supposed to be on my right hand. I think, I probably have to turn left, then.
 
The black guy waggled his big head negatively and impatiently:
 
-- Forget it, man! It was in Russia. The fucking communists bullshit you people. Now you are in America, and you’re supposed to do things right.
 

 
Amazingly, wherever I appear, whoever I talked to, once Americans found out that I came from abroad, they would never skip an opportunity to tell me that, thanks God, I am in a free country now. Very often they top it out, saying that freedom is an ultimate value for every American.
 
-- Does it mean that in this country I can do whatever I want? – I asked cautiously.
 
-- Absolutely! – Americans exclaimed very proudly. – Unless there is a law against it.
 
Okay, I said to myself, and went to a library, to learn more about American law. In the lobby I found the library rules written on the board right on the wall. Those rules shook my imagination so strongly that they certainly deserved to be quoted in my book.
 
LIBRARY RULES
 
No Alcohol, or Illegal Drugs
No Weapons
No Food or Beverages
No Sexual Harassment
No Smoking
No using tobacco or tobacco products.
No Sleeping
No Loitering
No Gambling
No Soliciting or Panhandling
No glass or cans.
No pets or animals
 
How strange! – I said to myself. – Apparently, American freedom starts with the word “No”. – Then I went back to the rules.
 
 
No Uncovered Upper Torso or Bare Feet
No displaying print or non-print materials of an offensive nature to others.
No Abusive, Obscene, Threatening, or Annoying Language and/or Behavior
No Offensive Personal Hygiene Which Will Constitute a Nuisance to Others
No presenting offensive and/or pervasive odors which are disturbing to others.
No Exhibitionism, Voyeurism or Lewd Behavior
No Noise Disturbing to Others
No singing, talking loudly or playing audio equipment so that others can hear it or behaving in a manner that can reasonably be expected to disturb others.
No Feet on Furniture or Walls
No using roller-blades, roller-skates, skateboards or other sports
No Damage or Theft of the Property
Don’t screw up and make us add more rules!
 
Indeed, America is a free country! – I thought after I finished reading the rules. – I think I already understand why official American freedom starts with the word “No”. It is merely because American people are truly free and very inventive! Of course, I knew that people like to do a lot of cool things for fun, but I’ve never imagined that someone would ever contemplate to do all those things in a library! Never before, until I came to America!
 
Suddenly I realized that the library people completely forgot to mention in their rules one important thing: masturbation. What if someone comes to the library not to read but just to masturbate in public? Can one do it, as far as it’s not directly forbidden by the rules? Okay, forget about masturbation. I wonder, can I at least sneeze and cough in a library if I have a cold or I’ll get arrested after second “ah-choo!”?
 
By the way, when I caught a bad cold in America for the first time, I was very unpleasantly surprised. I remember how I came to one of those Albertson’s pharmacies and asked for a certain antibiotic that always works for me.
 
I cannot sell it to you, sir – the pharmacist said. – It is a prescription drug. You need a prescription from a doctor to buy this medicine.
 
I am a doctor myself. – I insisted. – I know the dosage and usage and everything. I need neither medical advice nor prescription. All I need is just the bloody drug.
 
No, sir – the pharmacist said firmly. – You may know how to use it but I still can’t sell it without a prescription. It’s a law. Sorry.
 
I can’t understand. – I said. – Why all those commercials, that advertise drugs, say: “Tell your doctor about this new amazing medicine, to get a prescription!” If I tell my doctor, what medicine to prescribe, than why the heck do I need a freaking doctor, at all? This law is ridiculous; it does not make any sense! By the way, I saw a bunch of over-the-counter drugs that contain hormones and other potentially dangerous active components. Those drugs can easily ruin your health, without any prescription, especially if you take them in a wrong combination. Can you at least explain to me, why the law works that way?
 
I am a wrong person to ask – the pharmacist sighed and shrugged his shoulders. – I am not a legislator. I’m a pharmacist.
 
Today I know that if I lose my job, I won’t be able to buy the right medicine because I won’t be able to afford a doctor visit. In a free country I am free to die of not having the money to get a prescription. Do you people really think that the rules and regulations about prescription drugs work for your safety? Bull-fucking-shit! Prescriptions are necessary only for narcotic drugs and a number of strong poisons like Atropin. That’s it! In fact, this law protects the interests of rich heartless people with medical diplomas, who want to make more profit on your misfortune. This law says: either bring your last little dollar to a doctor, to get a fucking prescription instead of a stinky road kill burger made by Jack-in-the-ass, or die now.
 
Americans must be crazy! With all their money they still cannot build a proper safety net, whereas some other less wealthy countries already did it long ago.
 
 
2.3. United Obese States.
 
Speaking of healthcare, one of the first things that shocked me when I came into the United States was a huge number of fat people, especially women. Those fat people were not just plump or chubby. They were tremendously obese. I’ve never seen so many cases of heavy obesity in Russia through all my life as I’ve seen in New York in just one day! Some Russians may be pretty husky but still not so fat. That’s why fat Americans seemed like monsters to me until I get used to them. But for the first time in the U.S., when I looked at those walking mountains of bacon, I felt horrible and physically sick, as if I’m gonna puke right away. Why American medicine, so powerful and exceptional, refuses to help those unfortunate, poor people? – I said to myself. At that time I did not know how unattainable is medical care for American people. Now I know that effective medicine is even as much inaccessible to simple folks as good education or trustworthy legal advice. Money is the usual barrier.
 
However, I also noticed that fat Americans were not embarrassed by their obesity, not in the least! Instead of covering up their horrendous bodies, they dressed the way that their monstrosity was even more prominent and repelling. They did not feel any psychological discomfort, exposing themselves in public. Actually they did not feel any discomfort at all, except for their natural physical limitations, and that shocked me even more. If I happened to be a freak, than at least, I should have known that I am a freak, so that I could challenge and fight my sickness that turns me into a monster. But they did not know they are monsters and did not care. They lived as if they were just normal, and they munched sandwiches, and crunched chips compulsively, and chewed their inevitable gum, and guzzled coke, and then went out for dinner and devour their fat free food, again and again – more, and more, and more. They had husbands and wives, boy- and girl friends and the heaviest of them had a nice walker or a wheelchair on top of that.
 

 
 
Later Americans told me “obesity is okay”. What is definitely not okay is a psychological complex, which an overweight child can develop. Such a child may fall into a deep depression and even try to commit a suicide. That’s why the rules of political correctness require paying no attention to someone’s obesity, as if it is not obesity, but say, different skin color.
 
Americans must be crazy! – I thought. A society that does not dare to call a freak a freak is either very hypocritical or very apathetic. Why Americans pretend that their freaks are just minorities instead of trying to render them a real help? Also, why most of American food is non-fat whilst a great number of Americans is extremely fat? In my humble understanding, it supposed to be vice versa: the food must be nice and fat, and the people should be nice and lean.
 
I have to admit that Russian society is not that forgiving. On the contrary, the majority of Russians are mean even to a normal person. Those in Russia, who look unusual, have to deal with people’s cruelty every time and everywhere. Their life is miserable and dangerous. But now, living in America, I found out that some kind of deceptive social tolerance is also very dangerous.
 
Russian society is historically based on a strong peer pressure and a lot of prejudice. American society is based on individualism and political correctness and lots of different prejudice. It explains pretty well, why those two cultures treat their ugly ones so differently. Mocking at the odd people is a down side of a community driven mostly by peer pressure and bigotry. Those people never tolerate anyone who they consider strange or just unusual. This kind of a society requires that everyone resembles everyone else in terms of looks and behavior. It tries to eliminate odd people by rejecting them, mocking at them and sometimes even killing them.
 
On the other hand, ignoring someone’s abnormality and pretending that everything is okay, does not work in each case, either. It would be much kinder to use peer pressure to compel obese people to slow down their ominous eating machine and lose weight, rather then clumsily pretend that there’s no 800-pound gorilla in the room. Most of those 800-pound gorillas really need to be forced in order for them to stop subliminally consider themselves hopeless and start fiercely trying to lose their megatons of fat. I have to tell especially to Christians: it would be much more benevolent, instead of putting shame on pagans for their religion and trying to convert them into Christianity, put shame on fat people and convert them to normal life – would be less hypocrisy, more humanity and much more practical use.
 
Smoking in America has been successfully banned from the society – than why obesity is still there? Why it cannot be also banned, once and for all? The same way as society tries to prevent their young ones from a dangerous habit of inhaling death into their lungs, it can make them stop eating their way to fast death through the piles of fast food and crappy snacks.
 
You may say it is not the fat people who should be ashamed but crooked corporations, producing seductive and dangerous food that ruins people’s health since childhood. Of course, you can try that, too. However, putting shame on corporations would not help, because business tends to be avaricious, aggressive and shameless. Even a law would not help much, because corporations will always find their way to cheat or evade rules and regulations and get away with a murder. Campaigns against fast food manufacturers would not change the situation until people themselves stop buying and eating dangerous food.
 
Therefore, the way to a nice and lean body leads through a healthy lifestyle. People should not silently watch each other becoming fat. The entire country should become a very concerned weight watching society. The rule “Eat when you are hungry, not when you are snaky” should become an Eleven Commandment, as it were. American nation should stop eating and drinking socially or, even worse, just for fun. Americans must say “no” to this disgusting and dangerous type of legalized substance abuse. If people start to treat those crunching-munching squirrels the same way they treat those who dare to smoke in a public place; if society starts to ban people, who think about food as an oral pleasure rather than life support; if they start banning them like they ban drug addicts and child molesters today – then the situation with obesity would become ways much better. Once corporations realize that no one buys their crap anymore, they will have to adjust to the healthy nutritional requirements in order to stay in business.
 
It is not a secret that the drugs are still in the streets. However, only few people become drug addicts, because most people are well informed about the consequences. The same kind of attitude has to be developed against “legal drugs” – the entire family of crappy foods, snacks and drinks that turn a normal human being into a mountain of bacon. This right attitude can be developed only by means of proper upbringing and persistent education. Obesity starts in childhood and should be prevented since day one.
 
However, society that is based on individualism never tries to appeal to someone else’s feeling of common sense, put a strong shame on a person, trying to mobilize that person’s will power. Americans never do that, because such a struggle pulls both a victim and its advocate out of their precious comfort zone. Of course, it is a considerable challenge, to take responsibility for someone else’s well-being and sacrifice your own psychological comfort for that purpose. Americans adore their comfort too much. Thus, they always prefer to act according to the known formula: “no fuss – no muss”. As a result, laziness and seduction celebrate victory over the nation. Today a fourteen-year-old obese American kid cannot multiply seven by eleven without a calculator but can easily devour an extra large pack of chips or crackers in twenty minutes. Needless to say that Americans are raising pretty dangerous adversaries for Al-Qaeda. Not only are they rotten spoiled but also their life expectation sucks, because so much fat does not live long.
 
When I compare Russian and American society, I always think that human race needs a golden balance that lies in between those two opposites, that is, total intolerance and total indifference. Unfortunately, it’s much easier to be intolerant or indifferent than be considerate.
 
 
2.4. Speed limit and bribery.
 
Wherever I’ve lived – Dallas, TX or Boston, MA or Gainesville, FL – I’ve been always pissed by the speed limits on the roads. It would have never been a problem to me if everyone obeyed speed limit. However, it never was the case. It looked like almost everyone considered its primary duty to exceed the bloody speed limit by at least ten miles per hour. When I tried to honestly drive speed limit, everyone cut me off and flipped me off. I started to think that a middle finger is an American middle name. When I tried to adjust my speed to the traffic and drive above the speed limit, the cops pulled me over. I learnt the hard way that the word “fine” does not necessarily mean “excellent” or “sensitive” or “sharp”. For some reason, when you’re on a highway, this word much more often means “good bye, money”. The same way, on the road, I found out that the word “citation” not always means the quote from a book. Finally I discovered that driving admission tickets distributed by cops are ways more expensive than the tickets to a movie theater, or even a symphony.
 
Americans must be crazy! – I thought again. – Why do they elect the city and state legislators, who establish the speed limits that no one wants to follow? Americans declare their country to be a free country, a people’s country! If this is not just rhetoric, then the people should bang the heads of the idiots who set the ridiculous speed limits and quickly remove them from the office. They should replace the wrong legislators with the right ones and explain them thoroughly, what kind of speed limits they want them to set. It is so simple! In a people’s country legislators are supposed to follow the people’s will, not their own. If most of the people violate speed limits, it clearly means that the people don’t want them! But if the majority of the population doesn’t want those speed limits, then why they violate the law instead of adjusting it to the people’s needs? If people chose to increase the likelihood of their dying in a car accident and shrink their driving time that way, it is their right. The authorities must satisfy their right in fullest, because authorities serve people, and not the opposite.
 
Finally I bought a powerful radar detector. Since then my relationship with strange American traffic law became much better.  Sometimes when I wrap the highway miles around the wheels of my truck, I think to myself: maybe Americans are lazy rather than crazy? It looks like they better prefer to evade an inconvenient law individually than adjust an inconvenient law together. Or maybe they just like playing games with the law, because life is so boring? In that case, why don’t they give and take bribes? Inducement is very common and mostly exciting practice in Russia. When everyone is corrupted, you don’t need to obey the law. All you need to do is to bribe the authorities. My Russian experience says that bribing a traffic cop saves a driver a lot of time and money in comparison with paying the tickets in the court of law. Russians bribe everyone, especially traffic cops, because it is very convenient for both drivers who are always on a hurry and cops who never have enough money to live on.
 
By the way, bribery is much more efficient way of redistributing of national wealth than stupid taxes. As you know, taxes always stick to the hands of those who collect them, while bribery significantly improves living conditions of underpaid government employees. It is no secret that the primary goal of the police on the highway is to legally rob money from drivers rather then help them on the road. Instead of arranging smooth driving environment they deliberately make speed traps (like in Waldo and Starke, FL), to create a real chance to take you to the cleaners. That money then will be shared between the big bosses as a part of their ridiculously enormous salary and bonuses. I’d better give a small bribe to a poor cop than help a crooked rich guy to buy a second mansion and a third Mercedes SUV.
 
Therefore, I strongly recommend U.S. legislators to legalize bribery and make things work in Indonesian way. I mean, bribery should be considered charity or donation. People should be able to deduct it from their taxable income! Go ahead, folks! Don’t play with the law on your own. You’ll have much more fun if you do it together! If a law is unfair, if some rules and regulations suck, you have either to fix them and make them work honestly and properly or not to abide to them anymore. Bribery is the best instrument to persuade a law enforcer to forget about the crippled or just deliberately biased law and let you live without a trouble until the law is fixed. If bribery of the immediate law enforcers won’t let the higher authorities to legally rob people using a biased law, they will lose their incentive to deliberately bias the law, their lobby won’t twist the hands of the legislators anymore, and the law will stand much more chances to be fair to everyone.
 
 
2.5. A few words about double mentality.
 
All in all, the longer I lived in America, the better I understood American state of mind. I have to admit that at some point my own personality had split. That is, when I just came into the U.S., I had a pure Russian mentality; at least as much Russian as possible, considering my Jewish ethnicity. But after a while a little American was born inside my brain and started to grow pretty fast. Since then two persons have been sharing my brain: Russian and American. Pretty fast the new born American took control over the things that the Russian dude had never been able to manage properly: paying bills, buying stuff, planning time, working hard, meeting tough deadlines, tipping waitresses, dating women and bullshitting friends. Finally, the American guy even bought a house in Florida. He kept saying to Russian that renting is the same as just throwing money into a window. Finally American convinced Russian and bought a nice home in the woods. Afterward the Russian guy had to spend long hours, cleaning the house and the yard, killing spiders and roaches all around, repairing stuff and cursing at American all bad Russian words. Don’t get upset. – American replied. – I’ll buy you nice tools for your work. You deserved it, because you became a man of property, and I am proud of you!
 
The most surprising for both Russian and American in my head is the fact that they cannot understand each other. Of course, they know what the other one is going to do any time, because they share the same memory. However, they never know why the other one chose to do this or that. For example, Russian still cannot understand why American squint his lips, making a fake smile, when it comes to greeting people. He just yields him control over his body. He also cannot understand, why American leaves other Americans so much personal space in a grocery store or any other public place and exclaims “excuse me!” every time he cannot avoid approaching someone closer then a couple of yards. Russian cannot understand why American always replies “fine” on other American’s “how are you”. When American tries to explain him that this particular “fine” in fact means “fucked up, insecure, neurotic, emotional”, it only confuses poor Russian guy even more.
 
In his turn, American cannot understand why Russian spits flam on the pavement instead of using tissue, why, when startled, he exclaims “fucking shit!” instead of “good Lord!”, why he uses matches instead of toothpicks, fork instead of bottle opener and does not use condoms at all.
 
Sometimes American clarifies to Russian some simple things that he cannot understand. Just one little example. One day I drove to work on a country road. Suddenly I saw a hill-billy guy in a beat up jeep, driving across the field. The jeep was dragging a big rusty plow, leaving behind a long scarf of thick dust. Immediately the Russian inside myself said: “Leave the jeep alone, you idiot! Get a tractor!”. “Well, then give him the money for the tractor!” – American immediately replied. “The guy can’t afford a tractor right now. But he has a jeep and he needs to plow his field”.
 
It is really funny to have two mentalities in one head! First you think about a situation in terms of one experience, and the scene looks meaningless and ridiculous. Then you get another view, based on your other mentality, and everything starts making a perfect sense.
 
Nevertheless, even after seven years in this country, I still can’t understand a bunch of things about Americans.
 
For instance:
 
Why do they drive everywhere, even if it takes just a couple of minutes to walk, and then walk on a treadmill? Wouldn’t it be more natural to grab a bag and walk to a grocery store and then back home?
 
Why do that put letter “s” at the end of “Arkansas” and “Illinois” and never pronounce it afterward? Isn’t it a waste?
 
Why do they call their toilet paper “bathroom tissue”? Why this product, whatever a friggin’ name is right for it, is so thin that I have to fold it in four, so that my hands do not smell like shit after I wiped my ass?
 
Why an American commercial is not considered a proper commercial unless fourteen cars have been crashed in one minute, twenty faces has been stuck in mud, a dozen of people have been beaten and an inevitable sexy girl gives that long and dirty genital scratching look at you?
 
Why do they like their food “fast” and sexual intercourse “slowly“? And why afterwards they find themselves in surprise that their lives are out of sync?
 
Why do their men and women still marry each other if later they will divorce, anyway? Indeed, after the victory of feminist movement and sexual revolution, America became a true unisex country. No true men, no true women – nothing except that mother fucking political correctness. Now a typical marriage history sounds like a story of financial and emotional abuse. Then, why they still start what they cannot finish properly?
 
Why do they refuse to legalize prostitution and gay marriage (don't even think to mention polygamy)? May be, they are afraid that affinity between gay spouses and between a prostitute and a client will be more intimate and humane than usual marital bonds that everyone hates?
 
Why do their corporations lay off well-trained employees with invaluable experience – all that just to hire a bunch of rookies and train them from scratch? People told me, that sometimes companies do it in order to decrease their expenses and beautify their records on the stock market. Sometimes they come to a conclusion that an employee’s salary is too high after a number of raises and hire a useless kid instead of a mature professional. Or otherwise, hire an immigrant for less money. Sometimes they just don’t want to pay a pension to an employee who is going to retire pretty soon. However, it is obvious that trained and knowledgeable people are the most valuable capital of a company and losing of those people is losing a hen that lays golden eggs. I can’t believe people are that stupid!
 
Still and all, maybe they are:
 
Why most of people cannot operate with simple fractions, considering the fact that the United States spends on education much more than any other nation in the world? What’s wrong with American schools? Or may be with students? Or both?
 
Why do they fight furiously against abortion but do not mind the government sending the poor people’s children overseas to die for the interests of the richest people of the nation, who never see the names of their own kids in casualty lists? I think, it is much more merciful to kill a human being in a mother’s womb than let it grow up with the only purpose to trade its young blood for money!
 
Finally, imagine that Miss America pageant suddenly changed its rules. According to the new rules no a girl can apply on her own. National contestants are selected from just two parties: Amazons and Mermaids. Each party nominates only one girl. No one knows what happens inside those parties and how they nominate their candidates. But everyone knows that a contestant needs all the party’s money just to step onto the podium and show herself to the public. So, what would you say if the national queen of a year is not a charming, artistic and intellectual beauty that you expected? What would you say if she turns to be a dope head, HIV positive, coyote ugly, shriveled whore? You’ll yell bloody murder: “It’s not my Miss America! It’s not the people’s Miss America! It’s a scam!” Then, tell me, bro, why don’t you yell: “It’s not my President of the United States! It’s not the people’s choice at all! It’s a scam!”?
 

 
All in all, again and again, I think to myself: Americans must be crazy!
 
 
 
 
 
3. Time for disclaimers.
 
I think the American people - I hope the American - I don't think, let me - I hope the American people trust me.
 
George W. Bush
 
Sooner than wait for a break in the weather
I'll gather my far flung thoughts together…
 
                                    Pink Floyd
 
Did I just say “crazy”? Yeah… people must be crazy. Or brainwashed. Anyway, my dear reader, you’ve probably realized that we are going deeper and deeper into an ass-tangled territory named “human life”. I am sure that you keep asking yourself while reading this book: why this Russian guy is tapping our hot buttons instead of expressing his appreciation to the country that gave him a decent job and an excellent home?
 
The answer is very simple. I am a writer. It means that I am a perfectionist. That also means a type of a person who always has a conflict with its environment, because the environment is never perfect. It is true that America is much better place to live than Russia. But I still can see a number of serious problems in this country, too. I realize that those problems have a pretty long history and can’t be solved overnight. Nevertheless, I reckon that most of American issues can be solved in a smooth and reasonable way.
 
Speaking of a problem solving, the most necessary thing for it, is a better understanding of the problem. Albert Einstein said that the most difficult problems could never be solved at the same level of understanding they have been initially created. And that’s what writers are for. They provide a better understanding of a problem to audience. A true writer is a perfectionist, a researcher, an analyst and a charismatic leader – all in one package. Everyone else, who also writes but does not have those virtues, is just a kind of a street entertainer.
 
You may ask, what do I want as an American writer? The same thing I wanted, being a Russian writer. I want you to become a better person. I want your country to become a better and safer place to live. Do you still remember my cover story? Yes, I promised you to explain some important things, so that you could broaden your mind and be your own life coach.
 
You may ask me as well, why I am trying to improve American nation, instead of remaining a Russian writer and improving my own people. Again, my answer is very simple. It is absolutely impossible for a writer to write about the country and for the country he does not live in anymore. After seven years in the United States I lost connection with my Russian readers. I cannot understand them anymore, and they cannot understand me, even though we speak the same language.
 
I feel very sorry about the situation, but at the same time I got a big relief and great inspiration after I’ve made a decision to start writing in English. I also maintain an impression that American audience is more susceptible to the new ideas than Russian people. Let me explain this point in more detail.
 
There is a big difference between moral condition of Russian and American population. After seventy years of totalitarianism Russian society went filthy rotten. The reason is blatant. In a totalitarian state public law and social justice does not play any noticeable role. The authorities do. In that type of society people don’t have any moral obligations. They don’t understand their rights and responsibilities. Also they don’t understand law and its role in society, neither do they try to obey it. All they want is to avoid clashing with the authorities. Order is based on civic fear rather than public responsibility. However, morality has nothing to do with fear. True morality is nothing else but a great comprehension and voluntary responsibility. When authorities control a country, using public terror instead of social justice, they grow monsters. After the situation became permanent, government is compelled to keep terrorizing the monsters it has grown, to remain brutal order. The government itself consists of the same monsters. They may look somewhat like civilized people but essentially they aren’t.
 
Communist regime pretended to be humane and tried to maintain some moral standards, even though they were totally bogus. After the collapse of the regime, immorality took over the country in no time. Post-soviet monsters came to power and raised the flag of cynicism and corruption. No a writer can help the society in that miserable condition. Only time may cure a nation when it is that sick. A writer is just a writer, and not a holy spirit. He can effectively fight hypocrisy but not cynicism, because cynicism does not have shame. Sure hypocrisy is twisted and unjust. Yet, it always looks smooth and shiny on the surface. It always tries to carefully hide its ugly unfairness in the depth of its guts, far away from the people’s sight. A writer should smell the rat and finally find the rat, grab it by its tail and show its bloody face to the public.
 
However, cynicism does not need to conceal anything. It openly uses all kinds of brutal force and the whole gamut of dirty tricks, to control people. The worst thing is that society has no proven escape from that trap. It is very easy to lose morality – but at the same time it is very hard to get it back. That’s why I strongly believe – and proclaim – that morality is the most valuable asset of American society. It is even more valuable than its technical and financial achievements. Matter of fact, morality is the foundation of the entire American social model. The social model, in its turn, is the ultimate basis of all scientific, technical and cultural achievement of this country. But I can see very clearly a number of threats, a number of hidden worms that are eating American morality, and that’s why I am here, with you. I want to dig those worms out to the light and expose their ugly faces to everybody. At this point I’d like to come up with a paradox.
 
You should know this: when a medical doctor examines a patient’s abdomen, his manipulation may sometimes cause a considerable pain. The patient may cry and moan and groan, and the doctor may look like a sadist, while he actually wants to help. It is inevitable for him to cause pain, because he needs to understand what’s wrong with the patient’s body. Without the right diagnosis a doctor cannot administer a proper treatment. For the same reason a doctor may need to ask a patient to stop taking over-the-counter drugs, to be able to see the pure picture of the illness and properly identify the source of the pain. So, to get your health back, you have to endure some pain. No pain – no gain.
 
A writer, a psychologist, a human researcher is also a kind of a doctor. He cannot reach a cathartic point without firstly causing a pain of unresolved complex to hurt a patient in its full force. In medicine it is an ugly necessity. In sociology it’s a must. It is impossible to perform a deep research of social problems and not to hurt someone’s feelings or beliefs or expectations or just prejudice. Again: no pain – no gain.
 

 
Now let me ask. Who is the patient? It is our society. What is the disease? That’s for me to know and for you to find out later in this book. What are the patient’s daily over-the-counter drugs that veil the true picture of the illness? Well, you know them all. Here is a short list of the most notorious brands: “In God we trust!”, “No gimmick!”, “Patriotism”, “On sale”, “Moral values”, “Buy now!”, “National interests”, “Cash back”, “Political correctness”, “Extra low price”, “Minority”, “After rebate”.
 
Want more? Here you go! “Sexual harassment”, “Lawsuit”, “Alimony”, “Abortion”, “Bloody murder”, “Life without parole”, “Diversity”, “Affirmative action”, “War with terrorism”, “Equal opportunity”, “Gay rights”, “Women’s rights”, “Colored people’s rights”, “Consumer rights”, “Fetus rights”, “Missed in the action people’s rights”.
 
You want to know the ingredients of those drugs? Voilá! DUI, ADD, OCD, PMS, ASAP, FYI, FBI, HIV, UPS, IRS, CIS…
 
Not enough yet? No problem! “Home improvement”, “Penis enlargement”, “Women entertainment”, “Financial freedom”, “Early retirement”, “Face lifting”, “Child molesting”, “Debt consolidation”, “Credit restoration”, “Orgasm prolongation”, “Classified information”, “Liposuction”, “Recession”, “Frustration”, “Depression”, “Substance abuse”, “Bait and switch”, “Satisfaction guaranteed”, “What the fuck?”, and on top of that, “God bless America”.
 
America… I’d really like you to stop taking that shit and see where the real pain comes from! And I don’t care. I really don’t! I don’t mind to seem as being a sadist, a sexist, a racist and a totally bogus, politically incorrect, twisted, biased and whatever other label you pick from a grime and stick on my ass. I tell you, I don’t care. All I care about is to push you out of the easy chair and force you to think. And I firmly intend to use all means at my disposal to achieve this goal. You still don’t believe me, my dear reader? Then, f<bleep> you! Do you believe me now? Oh, good! Now you know exactly what to expect. Very good! Then, let’s finish this crap and start a new one. Lets talk about your faith.
 
 
 
 
 
4. In what you trust?
 
I know what I believe. I will continue to articulate what I believe and what I believe - I believe what I believe is right.
 
George W. Bush
 
So
So you think you can tell
Heaven from Hell
Blue skies from pain
Can you tell a green field
From a cold steel rail
A smile from a veil
Do you think you can tell
 
Pink Floyd
 
My dear reader! What do you do usually when the continuous imperfection of the world and its everyday cruelty starts getting on your nerves too much? Do you always try to use your intellect and help finding a solution that can make our world a little bit better? I don’t think so. I am pretty sure that very often you prefer to separate yourself from the reality and clam inside a perfect world: a realm of your faith – something in what you really trust. And you may even think: Yes, I know that my comprehension is not perfect, but I have my faith, and it already has the answers to all possible questions. There’s nothing to worry about, I’m still in a good shape.
 

 
It is somehow strange, because faith is supposed to be your way to accept the world, while you use it to hide from the reality. Maybe, your faith is a little bit… umm…. fictitious? Maybe, it’s not strong enough to be your way, and it can only function as a shell or shelter? Well, it’s pretty sad but not surprising at all. Our rate of living is so high that we are able to either keep the faith or keep the pace but not both at the same time.
 
Nock-nock! Cruck-cruck! Hatch out, my dear friend! I’m with you. You don’t need that shell anymore. Let me ask you a question. Do you believe in God? Well, I suppose, sometimes you do. I have to tell you, I also believe in God but I don’t trust him. The reason for my mistrust is very obvious. God is fantastically inventive and amazingly creative but absolutely irresponsible to everything he creates. You ask me why? Okay, I’ll explain.
 

 
First of all, he made us expendable, because we are mortals, and everyone is supposed to die sooner or later. We all have to cope with it, one way or another. If God was not so neglectful to humankind, we would never have needed all those churches and priests and prayers and other useless crap, the only purpose of which is to bullshit people about their sins and their immortal soul and holy spirit and immaculate conception and a lot of other fabricated crap that just does not exist.
 
Let me ask you this: Why should I keep the faith if I am gonna die anyway? I don’t want to go to freaking Heaven! I don’t want to be a freaking angel – I just want to be me, forever! Why do I need that frigging immortal soul without a nice young body around it, if for the entire eternity I can’t even take a good shit? Why the hell having sex is a sin? Is there any other proven way to breed or at least to have a good time? How come God made us love not just to fuck, but fuck everybody, and at the same time he proclaimed that having sex is a sin? Who is responsible for that crap?
 
Why God does not protect us from getting sick, and old, and sometimes even blind and deaf and crippled in a thousand other ways? Okay, I can accept the idea that he made us mortal and we have to die. But could he at least keep us young and healthy till the last breath? Yes, he probably might, but he is doing nothing, because he does not freaking care! If God is not worrying about us, why should we worry about a prayer? I think we should take care about ourselves at first hand.
 
Why God created different religions for different nations? I can admit that he may want to be amused by many different types of worship. But then why did not he make any precautions in order to make people unprejudiced and tolerant to each other’s religions?  How come he failed to foresee all those terrible ramifications of unprotected diversity? I wonder, if God enjoyed watching St.Bartholomew's Night? Yes? No? May be? It must have been a pretty good view from the skies at all the killings, blood and piles of dead bodies! Does God enjoy suicide bombers today, too? If not, why doesn’t he use his power to stop them? Why doesn’t he use his power to stop all evil things or, even better, not let them happen at all? Simply, because God is only interested in creating new stuff. He is fascinated by the very process of creation, and does not give a shit to protect his production, because it serves as a material for the subsequent creation cycles, and thus is subject to inevitable decomposition. God is not stingy; he has a lot of material and never gets tired. The good part of this discovery is: God’s work is amazing! The bad part is: God treats us like trash.
 
You still don’t believe me, do you? Then I would ask you, my friend: do you trust your girlfriend? Are you absolutely sure that she does not fuck any other man while you’re out of town on your little business? No, you’re not sure, unless you’re an egit – right? Then I ask you, how can you trust God who has actually created this whore you sleep with every day?
 
Let me tell you this: you can’t trust anything natural unless it’s an ocean, and nothing artificial unless it’s a duct tape. Especially, you can’t trust God, because he is neither natural nor artificial. I regret to say that God is essentially nothing else but a phony baloney absolutely reckless creator. He is a negligent parent, too – otherwise his own son would have never ended up crucified by stupid Romans!
 
I can see, my dear friend, that you are ready for a riot. Obviously, you can’t wait to make an objection: how about free will? Yes, I know. You were taught in church that free will is one of the greatest and most remarkable birthrights, but it comes with the ability to choose blessing and cursing, life and death. You’ve been said many times that death and curse follow the purposeful refusal to obey the Lord. Wonderful! No tell me, my dear friend: do only evil and wicked people suffer and die, and no one else? Avid Jesus freaks who are trembling with God’s fear all their miserable life, don’t they suffer and die, too? What about the newborn children, who die of leukemia, cancer and heart diseases every day – how do they purposefully refuse to obey the Lord?
 
According to the clergy, the right of free choice has been given to the human race under very strange circumstances. Some dumb guy named Adam ate a poisonous fruit from an unknown tree, got a hard on and screwed some girl named Eve. Not a biggy. Apparently, Adam did not have a gift of free choice before he ate the fruit. With no free choice, Adam stood absolutely no chance to eat the fruit, unless God wanted him to, or otherwise, someone rewired or reprogrammed Adam’s brain. Supposedly, the Snake. But in that case, shame on God, not on Adam! Obviously, it was the God’s fault, because he did not put enough security to protect Adam’s brain from unauthorized access. And after the hacker’s attack of the Snake onto the Adam’s brain, God put his reproach onto that poor unquestioning man rather than blame himself. This God’s behavior is extremely selfish, very irresponsible, not mature at all, and quite unprofessional. If a system administrator did to a corporate network something similar to what God did to the Adam’s family, he would have got a heave-hoe from the company in ten seconds! Now we can see that our “omnipotent creator” started his career from abusing his humble creature, both mentally and physically. Pretty good start – thank you, my Lord!
 

 
Do you want to play God, my dear reader? It is very simple. Take your six months old son from the crib, undress him, put him on the cold floor. Tell him that you just bestowed free will upon him. Explain him that beer is in the refrigerator, steaks, bread and vegetables are in the freezer, drinking water is in the tap, fresh pampers and pajamas are in the drawer and the thermostat is on the wall. Explain him how to call 911 in case of emergency. Don’t forget to recite to your baby the verse 30:19 from Deuteronomy:
 
"I call heaven and earth to record this day against you, that I have set before you life and death, blessing and cursing: therefore choose life, that both thou and thy seed may live..."
 
Then leave him alone, lock the house, fly to Las Vegas or Hawaii for a couple of months and have fun.
 
When you’re gonna swim in a pool or in the ocean, you can always see a life guard on the top of a rickety tower. If the tower is empty you’ll see the sign “No life guard on duty. Swim at your own risk”. If God does not want to guard our lives, could he at least have put a distinctive sign for the unborn people: “No life guard on duty. Live at your own risk”. It would be just fair, if everyone could have made their own decision on whether to be or not to be born and live the whole shitty life under those conditions.
 
For all above-mentioned reasons, instead of the words “In God we trust” I would better put on every church the words “God. Handle with care”. Why? Because God is immature and feeble. And that’s why you have to keep a very strong faith. Otherwise, he’d have kept it for you, and you could have sit back and enjoy the ride. God is irresponsible. Therefore you have to take all responsibility for the world. God is a fake but you are real. That’s why you have to keep a strong faith. You are real and the world is real. For this reason your faith must be your own unique way to meet the world, and not a shell to hide from the reality.
 
Is that all? No! Hell, no! Something is still eating you. I know what it is! You still desperately want a generous, responsible and powerful God. You want a kind and caring Father – don’t you, baby? Then you’ll have to create one yourself! I am not kidding you. God is the engine of Nature – that’s all. God has no spirit or will. God does not think – he only acts. But happily God created us people as a part of the world, and we do have spirit! Now we have to inhale our spirit in God and thus live in God, forever. We don’t know how to do it yet, but sooner or later we’ll find out, because this is the only mission of humankind in the Universe. God, Nature and Humanity shall become one great entity with unlimited freedom and unrestrained joy. You can think of it as a man-made Heaven, if you wish, but it is much more in it than just that. We won’t succeed if we don’t win our hardest fight with the most dangerous adversary – with our own evil twin, with a part of our own nature that tends to destroy. We have a long way to go and a lot of things to accomplish. So, welcome to the real world, my dear friend! Keep the faith!
 
 
 
 
5. A short preach about the original sin.
 
Some people say a man is made out of mud
A poor man's made out of muscle and blood
Muscle and blood, skin and bones...
A mind that's weak and a back that's strong
 
by Merle Travis
 
If I were God I would never help people, even if I could, because they are not worth it. You’d probably want to ask me, why I am so mad at the rest of my own species? Perhaps you anticipate my answer would be somewhat dreary and boring – something like people are wicked, lazy, avaricious, stupid, ugly, resentful, hypocritical, dishonest, vengeful, insolent, annoying, violent, promiscuous, bitchy, creepy, flaky, sticky, grimy and bla-bla-bla. However, your guess is wrong. All above-mentioned traits are okay with me. You can’t have a virtue without a vice. I am made of the very same stuff myself and I don’t see a substantial problem in it. Yes, people are quite imperfect, but they can redeem their inherent flaws by and large through a clear awareness of their imperfection. If people are imperfect yet considerate, or at least self-aware, they still stand a good chance to share their decent parts with each other and form a very decent society.
 
If people are self-aware… but are they really? You may think they are, just due to the fact they are bestowed free will. However, the right answer is “no”. Free will and self-awareness are completely different things: they have nothing to do with each other. The ability to choose to act in a certain way at a certain time does not imply that the one who takes an action is aware of the real reason for the decision to act in that particular way, as well as the consequences that the action can entail. Most of the time people behave arbitrarily rather than rationally. Even Jesus Christ himself was not prudent all the time.
 
And this is where the real problem dwells. Eventually, the original sin of the human race has nothing to do with human sexuality – forget the other crap you’ve been told in the church. Our original sin resides in our mentality. So, what exactly is the original sin of humankind?
 
Here it is. The actual original sin of humankind is inconsistency. Do you remember the Fall of Man? I’ll remind you. When Adam fell, he bumped his head on a piece of hard rock, and, according to the Modern Testament, his brain damage was transmitted by heredity to his descendants. What does inconsistency mean? It means that Contradiction is a middle name of every human being. People live in a world of contradictions between words and deeds, beliefs and facts, promises and betrayals, rights and responsibilities, advertisings and warranties. People came from a jungle to create what? You now whisper the word: “civilization”, right? But in reality our ancestors just created another type of jungle and called it this lofty name that means nothing. People created a very fragile and treacherous world of tangible and intangible things, still not realizing how inconsistent is their mind and their environment (which are both products of each other, over a countless number of relentless turns).
 
You probably don’t believe me and want a powerful and plausible proof of your sinful inconsistency, right away. Well, the proof is not a problem; it’s already coming in. Most of you people consider yourself Christians, aren’t you? If you are, you also believe that you are good Christians and your ancestors were good Christians, too. Usually you don’t think about yourself as liars or pretenders or hypocrites, do you? I think you don’t. So let’s start from that standpoint.
 
First of all, how come being Christians, your ancestors exterminated American Indians and seized their land? How did it happen that your holy folks imported hundreds of thousands of black people from Africa, in order to become rich from their labor, and treated those people like working cattle? Can you call Christians those who buy human beings and treat those slaves worse than livestock? How come some of your ancestors killed dozens of thousands of their own kind in the bloody Civil war, fighting fiercely against the abolishment of slavery? Are you sure that the history of your nation sits well with the Christian religion? Christianity, as you know, is love and peace and nothing else, while your ancestors’ hands are bright red with genocidal blood. Yet you guys consider them decent humans, blessed people and good Christians. You are really proud of your ancestry, right? And you are not hypocrites, because you honestly believe in that. It’s really simple: when you are proud of your ancestors, you only think about the good things they did, never contemplating any of the bad things they also committed. Right?! Now tell me: how is that possible, unless your mind is conveniently oblivious. I am deliberately saying “conveniently”, letting you know that your ignorance resides at a very subliminal level. In most cases in your life you don’t have to be a liar, a hypocrite or a pretender. Your conveniently oblivious mind usually hides all unpleasant contradictions of your behavior, in order to preserve your self-esteem, which in reality is no more than self-in-steam. To be real short, I call this crappy feature of a human mind one word: inconsistency.
 
Let’s move on and talk a little bit about the common American belief, according to which the interests of the United States are much more important to Americans than the interests of the rest of the world. Let’s talk about that little twisty-tie looking band on your car: “Support our troops”. You as a citizen chose to provide moral support to your crooked government that somehow seized the right to send troops anywhere into the world and drop tons of highly explosive democracy from their war aircrafts onto foreign cities. And you know for sure that your government does not send troops to help out the other nations. The richest American people that control the national government are not interested in building democracy in the world at their own expense. What they are really interested in is to keep in control those parts of the world, which seem to be lucrative. In simplest words: the people who have power and money, use government to send national arm forces abroad in order to gain more power and more money. And you support them, because at the back of your mind you hope that they eventually will spill a small part of that bloody money on you.
 
Do you still consider yourself a good Christian? Not even the smallest hesitation yet? Then, let’s move further on. You may work hard, but tell me what is your ultimate dream? Most likely, you dream about opening the kind of business that can make you good money with your minimal involvement, so that you can sit back, relax and spend quality leisure time, involving yourself in interesting pursuits like traveling and consuming delicious stuff, leaving to someone else an honorable responsibility to work themselves to death in order to make you rich. Is this right? If you think I am wrong, then who sends me tons of junk mail, offering me different types of loans, aiming at my humble little house as the collateral? Enormous numbers of people try to tease me with quick cash in order to drown me in debt and suck my blood till the rest of my days. And if I fall down, worn and desperate, not able to work hard and pay them anymore, they will extort me from my little nest and let me die. A lot of people prefer to take advantage of others rather than earn their bread honestly. If you’re not one of those bastards, you definitely want to join the club and become one of them, as I know it’s your dream. Now tell me, bro: does your dream sit well with the essence of Christianity?
 
Do you still consider yourself a good Christian? Then let me ask you: have you always stayed within Ten Commandments, you liar? You fornicator? I am not a Christian, and I don’t care if you lie and fornicate or not. But you call yourself that name, so you’d better take care of a contradiction between what you call yourself and what you really are.
 
Do you still consider yourself a good Christian? Then, why do you buy your children “special treats” for a ridiculously inflated price? Just to show them once again in terms of money, how much you care about them? Do you think when you’re wasting your money to spoil your children rotten, that someone else’s children have nothing to eat? Does it go well with Christian morality, or what? Yet you consider yourself a good Christian, anyway! You don’t even realize that a distinction between “a good Christian” and “just a Christian” does not exist! You may only be a good Christian, and it is exactly the same as being “just a Christian” – otherwise you are not a Christian at all, even though you were sprinkled with the water. Water does not make a Christian; only spirit can do that. Are you spiritual? How many sources of good spirit do you know, except for a bottle of whiskey? You still consider yourself a good Christian, hah?
 
Christianity is a quality of human mind and entire human life; it is not just a participation in a group that calls themselves a “congregation”. Jesus himself did not give a shit about “congregation”. The only thing he cared about was love and peace among human beings. Well, people can gather into a “congregation” and even into a freaking “denomination”, but it does not make them Christians no way, because the same bunch of bloody wankers can easily gather into KKK as well, unless they gather in Hell first. If Jesus had a little opportunity to talk to us – it would be the first thing he’d say. And even if he’d come and say this, you wouldn’t listen to him, because you wouldn’t like it. You only want to listen to what you like and clog your ears against everything else. That’s why you love Jesus only when he is stretched fiercely along his cross, too weak to utter even a word, in his heroic attempt to save your ass from God’s rage. I wish he were able to watch you people who call themselves Christians and finally say: “What the fuck are you doing, you assholes? Did I ever teach you all that crap?” But he’s far away, and you think you can do whatever your Freudian parts want while your paychecks keep cashing.
 
Nevertheless, you keep considering yourself a good Christian! Right? So, now you can’t deny that you develop your state of mind not in accordance to the facts but rather despite every fact in the frigging world! Jesus was full of love and you are full of shit – yet both of you are Christians! Is it fair, whatsoever? But you don’t even want to notice a bunch of screaming contradictions! How all this bigotry can be explained? There is just one word that explains everything, and now you know this word: inconsistency! The human mind is inherently inconsistent, and most people live in complete ignorance of that fact and its terrible consequences. I’m done. I rest my case. And you, poor and faulty human mind, you rest in peace, too, until awakens in the sheer morning of the Judgment day. That day won’t be the last day of the human race, however. Forget the bullshit you’ve been told in the church. Actually, Judgment day will be the first day of a true human responsibility, lasting forever, and the first day of a new era. That day is coming soon. Amen!
 
 
To be continued…
 
 
 
  
