
Welcome to Wikipedia,
the free encyclopedia that anyone can edit.
4,120,454 articles in English
Arts
Biography
Geography
History
Mathematics
Science
Society
Technology
All portals
From today's featured article

The common toad is an amphibian found throughout most of Europe, with the exception of Ireland, Iceland and some Mediterranean islands. It is an inconspicuous animal as it usually lies hidden during the day, becoming active at dusk and spending the night hunting for the invertebrates on which it feeds. It moves with a slow ungainly walk or short jumps and has greyish brown skin covered with wart-like lumps. Although usually a solitary animal, in the breeding season large numbers converge on certain breeding ponds, where the males compete to mate with the females. Eggs are laid in gelatinous strings in the water and later hatch out into tadpoles. After several months of growth and development, these sprout limbs and undergo metamorphosis into tiny toads. The juveniles emerge from the water and remain largely terrestrial for the rest of their lives. The common toad seems to be in decline in part of its range but overall is listed as being of "Least Concern" in the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. It is threatened by habitat loss, especially by drainage of its breeding sites, and some toads get killed on the roads as they make their annual migrations. It has long been associated in popular culture and literature with witchcraft. (Full article...)
Recently featured: Vidya Balan  – Rex Ryan – Pepper v Hart
Archive – By email – More featured articles...
Did you know...
From Wikipedia's newest content:

... that the listed buildings in Wrenbury cum Frith, Cheshire, include three timber lift bridges (example pictured) constructed by Thomas Telford?
... that 21 players from the 1976 Michigan football team went on to play in the NFL, and another opted instead to play Major League Baseball?
... that Maurice Le Glay fought against Mouha ou Hammou Zayani in the Zaian War but later wrote a book praising Zayani's leadership skills?
... that the Native American grass dance originated in the warrior societies on the Northern Great Plains?
... that leaves of the fossil maple Acer palaeorufinerve resemble the living redvein maple?
... that during World War II, German actress Inge Keller entered a sham marriage to avoid enlistment into the Reich Labour Service?
Archive – Start a new article – Nominate an article
In the news

Twenty-eight people, including the gunman, are dead following a shooting at an elementary school in the U.S. state of Connecticut.
In Denmark, the discovery of "The Tallow Candle", a previously unknown story by author Hans Christian Andersen (pictured), is confirmed.
North Korea successfully launches its first satellite, Kwangmyŏngsŏng-3 Unit 2, using a Unha-3 carrier rocket.
Indian sitar player and classical composer Ravi Shankar dies at the age of 92.
Prime Minister of Mali Cheick Modibo Diarra resigns after his arrest by leaders of the Malian coup d'état and is replaced by Django Sissoko.
Recent deaths: Iajuddin Ahmed – Jenni Rivera – Patrick Moore
Syrian civil war – Wikinews – More current events...
On this day...
December 15: Kingdom Day in Aruba, Curaçao, the Netherlands, and Sint Maarten (1954); Zamenhof Day in Esperanto culture

1467 – Troops under Stephen III of Moldavia defeated the forces of Matthias Corvinus of Hungary in present-day Baia, Romania.
1791 – The first ten amendments to the United States Constitution, collectively known as the Bill of Rights, were ratified.
1906 – The Great Northern, Piccadilly and Brompton Railway, a 14.17-kilometre (8.80 mi) long deep-level underground tube railway connecting Hammersmith and Finsbury Park, London, opened.
1961 – Former Nazi leader Adolf Eichmann (pictured) was sentenced to death after being found guilty on fifteen criminal charges, including war crimes and crimes against humanity.
2010 – A boat carrying around 90 asylum seekers, mostly from Iraq and Iran, crashed into rocks and sank off the coast of Christmas Island, Australia, killing 48 people.
More anniversaries: December 14 – December 15 – December 16
Archive – By email – List of historical anniversaries
It is now December 15, 2012 (UTC) – Refresh this page
Today's featured picture
	
The Andromeda Galaxy is a spiral galaxy approximately 2.5 million light-years away. The image, created using a hydrogen-alpha filter, also shows Messier objects 32 and 110, as well as NGC 206 and the star Nu Andromedae. On December 15, 1612, German astronomer Simon Marius became the first person to describe the galaxy using a telescope.
Photo: Adam Evans
Recently featured: Biham–Middleton–Levine traffic model – Chromodoris joshi – Taos Pueblo church
Archive – More featured pictures...
Other areas of Wikipedia

Community portal – Bulletin board, projects, resources and activities covering a wide range of Wikipedia areas.
Help desk – Ask questions about using Wikipedia.
Local embassy – For Wikipedia-related communication in languages other than English.
Reference desk – Serving as virtual librarians, Wikipedia volunteers tackle your questions on a wide range of subjects.
Site news – Announcements, updates, articles and press releases on Wikipedia and the Wikimedia Foundation.
Village pump – For discussions about Wikipedia itself, including areas for technical issues and policies.
Wikipedia's sister projects

Wikipedia is hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation, a non-profit organization that also hosts a range of other projects:
	Commons
Free media repository		Wikinews
Free-content news		Wikispecies
Directory of species
	Meta-Wiki
Wikimedia project coordination		Wikiquote
Collection of quotations		Wikiversity
Free learning materials and activities
	Wikibooks
Free textbooks and manuals		Wikisource
Free-content library		Wiktionary
Dictionary and thesaurus
Wikipedia languages

Navigation menu
Create accountLog inMain PageTalkReadView sourceView history

Main page
Contents
Featured content
Current events
Random article
Donate to Wikipedia
Interaction
Help
About Wikipedia
Community portal
Recent changes
Contact Wikipedia
Toolbox
Print/export
Languages
Simple English
العربية
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. See Terms of Use for details.
Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.
Contact us
Privacy policyAbout WikipediaDisclaimersMobile view  
